# Tamil-Cinema-News-in-Tamil.
Tamil Cinema is the top entertainment for People of Tamilnadu for many decades’ of late Tamil people from other countries like Sri lanka, Singapore, Malaysia, Canada and Mauritius also watching Tamil cinema.  After the growth of internet, social Media and digital marketing news about Tamil Cinema become one of the top news categories among the entertainment news. That too Tamil cinema news in Tamil is most trending news category. Many Tamil people are bilingual and most of them are well versed in English but Tamil people like to get Tamil cinema news in Tamil only. Many websites like cinemapettai.com give Tamil cinema news in Tamil, they not only just give news; they also give information’s on Tamil cinema celebrities, news Tamil movies, audio launches, gossips of celebrities, photos, videos, box office collection, making photos, interviews during shoot, post shoot interviews, trivia, celeb tweets, memes, trailers etc.  In Cinemapettai.com survey many Tamil people around the world participated and they unanimously opted for Tamil cinema news in Tamil. In the same survey Cinemapettai.com many Tamil people has said reading Tamil cinema news in Tamil gives a relaxation to them while they are away from their home lanes like Tamilnadu and Sri Lanka.   Tamil language is one of the oldest language and many internet based companies has certified Tamil as the most suitable language for internet. Tamil language was nurtured in all ages and now Tamil people again started doing same in this internet age too by eagerly reading Tamil cinema news in Tamil. Not only cinema news even Tamil people love to read political news, sports news, and business news in Tamil.  
